hi everyone my name is Jenny streamy and
today we're doing Bridal hair now this
is my stunning model Jess and we did the
old Hollywood glamour waves for you guys
you've been seeing this looks all over
the red carpet on celebrities such as
Nicole Kidman Reese Witherspoon JLo
everybody has been rocking it this year
so this the kind of vintage look is
really popular right now it's all the
rage and i'm going to show you guys how
to achieve these gorgeous curls start
your old hollywood waves by creating a
deep side part start at the nape of the
neck and take two inch sections and curl
with a one-inch curling iron pan up with
a pin curl clip to help set the hair now
it's important to curl the hair in the
same direction throughout the whole head
this will allow you to get the desired s
formation that makes old hollywood waves
true old hollywood waves after you have
let your hair cool down release pin crow
clips then lightly comb out your curls
with a comb around the face where your
waves dip in put a clip in for a few
minutes to allow your wave to take its
shape repeat on the other side release
your clips and finish off by using a
firm hold hairspray and spray shine this
look works beautifully with mid to long
length hair alright so there you guys
have it old Hollywood glamour waves and
I want to give a special thanks to
Genevieve dizon for letting us borrow
her gorgeous gown and Molly G designs
for the beautiful hair embellishment and
don't forget to subscribe to my channel
for weekly information about hair and
hair tutorials
you